It's not about choosing what you like, but rather a UI where you reject what's presented if you don't like it. This is what makes it so addictive. Not letting people choose means limiting the number of choices you can make in a day. It's not about having limited choices, it's about being arrogant. That pain... How should I wear those shoes? What backpack should I carry? I can't move... Oh yeah, Changning District... What should I wear? I don't have anything in particular, but Link and a bow tie... Where am I going? But you know, choosing what to wear is tiring, isn't it? That's why Jobs lived in the same turtlenecks, wearing the same sneakers. That's how it is. Making choices is something that doesn't tire you out. Not doing that tiring thing... For our generation, being able to choose felt like a right. But the younger generation finds that kind of thing troublesome, or rather, humans fundamentally find making choices troublesome. They just want to be recommended things without even realizing it and consume them normally. Because music is like that, right? In the past, you would go to a CD shop and buy CDs, buying music by your favorite artists. Then came the age of downloads.  So there was a time when I was listening to music, but
now I'm listening to
recommended music,
curated by the atmosphere, and
Spotify and YouTube
Music play it for me, and I just
listen to it without really thinking about it, like
flipping a cash card and going "wow" The
music starts with lyrics like this, and
these lyrics are by the band's guitarist, and they broke up
or something like that, and there used to be fun to listen to it, but there's no more honesty, I don't look at the old stuff anymore, I'm just
listening to the atmosphere, so I don't know whose song it is, I just get into it, and at
home I don't
know whose song it is, but it's a good song, and I think, "It's
gotta be a genre, right?" I mean, I
just specify the genre in my prefecture, and I used to
play smooth genres on Alexa, and it felt really good, and I used to play
bossa nova and ask
Siri or something, and that's about it, so I do
n't choose anything else anymore, that's the era I've entered, and that's what
music is, and not just music, but the
age of videos has come, and of course Amazon was like that too, with its
products
productsThey keep recommending things, and it gradually becomes like, "Just recommend it, that's all you need." By gradually eliminating those kinds of choices, we're entering an era where everyone can live with a lavish attitude. It's made in China, you see. That's why YouTube has a sense of crisis and has invested 11 billion yen. If they lose here, it's bad. In this smartphone era, with Generation Z and on top of that, they're conveying the message that we'll live by recommendations, by gradually cutting down on choices. This is a fundamental shift, you see. I understand this from the perspective of someone who used to work in talent, but basically, if it's about asserting something positive, then that's how television used to be. That's right, television was something that people desperately wanted to watch. There's a movie called "Sunset on Third Street," right? What kind of movie was that? Back when television wasn't widespread, everyone in town would go to the TV shop or the electronics store and say, "Wow!" And there, in black and white, Kidou-san is fighting, and everyone watches it. "The Lake," Door-san, Rikidozan is amazing, isn't he? It's like that because there was no television.  It's the
influence that gradually, as television became more
widespread, and with the arrival of the high-growth period, everyone could afford to
buy one.
Then came color television, and then suddenly, what started as one TV per
household became one TV per room,
and portable TVs also became widespread. And then
video tapes became widespread, and what happened? Nobody was
enthusiastic anymore. It became an era of connection. Because the
TV was just there as a matter of course, you could just turn it on when you got
home. You could just turn on the
TV for anything, because it felt
lonely if it wasn't on. It's like the
Cup Noodles era. You do
n't want to hear the sound of the coupler yourself, so you turn on the TV as noise. It's connection. The
days when people watched
TV in the Rikidozan era and were like, "Wow!" are long gone. It's become an era of assertiveness. Even on TV,
but in the midst of all that judo, the
people who were actively asserting themselves were on
YouTube. I'm actively watching
TV, and what I want to watch is no longer in the
world of television. The
guy who targets me is this guy Nakata.
This guy's chatter drives me crazy, I'm
addicted, he asserts himself so actively that you'll
listen to Nakata's shovel for 30 or 40 minutes, but if you don't choose me, if you don't
rap, I
can't talk like this, so I'm in a town constituency, I've had times when I put my phone down and
suddenly started talking, so if that's the case, go to an
Apple Shop and I'll be fixed and come back in the
future, so don't talk, it's
weird, I'm not doing anything so I don't know what's wrong and I start
talking, it's weird,
you chose to watch Nakata and you didn't choose me and I start
talking, that's assertive,
but that's when it ends, the exact
same thing that happened on TV happens, and it's already happening in the next world of music, it's already
happening in the world of things we want to do, and from there it's moving forward, a
big
stream is moving towards an era where everyone will consume personalized content based on AI recommendations, so it won't
stop here, in other words if you don't scrutinize short videos,
your life might be a huge loss
your life might be a huge loss。 English: It might come down to this, in this era of short videos, we're not a platform, are we? We're not platform providers, so we have to live as players. I'm a viewer, but I'm also a player. You're all viewers, so you're players too, right? You have SNS, you talk, you might do 8 rounds, that's what being a professional is all about, so it's better to have someone with the ability to communicate, isn't it? I want to join this company so that I'm more likely to pass the interview. Oh, really? Yes, I have over 3 million followers on SNS. That's a great opportunity to hire me. It's good advertising for the company, and I want to ask about the company's strategy. Anyone with a large number of SNS followers is welcome, no matter where they come from. That's why it's like the power level in Dragon Ball, you know? Stop using Dragon Ball as an example, stop using power levels with a scouter. It's like it's being visualized, so you have to work hard. What's important in all of this is whether you're making money, that's the point. I've covered the points I wanted to ask about.
How can you make money with short videos? Well, basically, it's about whether you can properly visualize the whole picture in your head. Money won't go to people who just vaguely want to take the course. The points go to people who understand how much money they can make at the school. The money is you. Why do you think someone who doesn't know the rules of soccer will score a goal? That's what it is. They jump onto the field without knowing the rules of soccer. How pathetic! They don't know where the ball is, they don't know where the center line is, they're unsure about whether they can get the ball or not. They probably think that something is a soccer ball, but it might not be a ball at all, it might just be a fellow player who's just bad at it. What a tragedy, how sad! Just like you shouldn't jump onto the pitch as a player without knowing the rules of soccer, you shouldn't go out into making short videos without knowing how much money you can make. So, there are various ways to make money that you might not know. Let me explain. First, there are PR projects or affiliate marketing.
Hey, it's all sponsored content, and companies come to you saying, "You have a lot of
views, so would you introduce this product?" And that's how it all started. I was told that it was a matter of
manners and so on, so there was a
time when I started doing it while also putting out a "PR" tag.
But even now,
sponsored videos are still being done, like on
TekuTalk,
or on Sweetstagram, where
influencers introduce products or services and get paid a certain amount. Of course, that's possible. And of course, it's possible to become
popular, and
that popularity is like, "I love it! I've
watched three of your makeup videos!" and then
someone says, "I have cosmetics that I produced!" and they
go to your online store or e-commerce site and buy the products. Some people are
fans and want to buy the merchandise, so there are
ways to make money this way too. And then there's
live streaming. Live streaming has become a way to make money. It used to be an
app that was synonymous with showrooms and tipping, but now every
video media is doing it, whether it's Instagram,
TikTok or
YouTube.  There are live streams, and on top of that, YouTube now allows you to donate, and so does TikTok. Yes, in July 2020, TikTok added a section called "Live," and this big special zone called "Live" is also amazing. If you use Instagram Live, and someone you follow is doing a live stream for Easter, you'll be super excited, right? And with YouTube Live, it's basic to check if the channels you're subscribed to are doing live streams, right? With TikTok, if you press the "Live" button in the upper left, you'll be automatically recommended something, you don't have to choose, someone is always talking, someone is always talking with every swipe, Subaru is on hold, it's amazing, someone is talking with a face close, or cucumber, or even bics, no no, I don't want to watch some old guy's Line live stream, I only want to watch girls, so if you're someone who says that, then gradually only girls will appear, so convey your anger at the speed of bipro  : You can
look at the girls at the speed of swiping, and if you're a
guy who's really fondling them, they'll
decide whether you want it or not and
personalize it to help you out, that's how it works. And within that, there's a
tipping gift system, so you can
make money, plus even if you
don't get advertising revenue, you get money from funds as a global enterprise, that's what I've been
saying, so you can see it's indirect
money. Right
now, we haven't talked about advertising revenue yet, so
what happens when you run ads on TikTok Rails and YouTube Sports? Can you insert ads? If you
put a 20-second commercial in the middle of a 30-second video, what kind of situation is that? Is it a
hamburger? What is that?
What kind of situation is that? What is that? It's too much, right? Putting a
20-second commercial in a 30-second short video is
too much. How about a
3-second commercial? It conveys the message.
Coca-Cola conveys the message. It
conveys the message. A little more time, like 4 seconds.  You
want something around 30 seconds or 1 minute,
right? That's why they're sandwiched in between YouTube videos. So, as
YouTube has more
videos longer than 10 minutes, it would be nice to be able to insert a few commercials, would
n't it? That's why they
can't insert them between short videos, so they
insert them wherever they like between short videos. Sometimes
TikTok and he do, and the platform
makes money that way, but there's no
accurate data on who's making the money. I
think the commercials you see while watching my videos contribute to the store, but they're sandwiched between someone's video and someone else's, and they're not even
selected, they're
recommended. The
platform is just actively recommending them, so it's
thanks to Bloodform, not because
of you. And
it's personalized, so you
don't know who's doing it, how much, or what the next dirt road video will be like. The reason the composition is different, there are
voices saying that it's difficult to distribute the money, which is why
everyone tried to become a YouTuber.  It became clear that
money is important, and that it's
money from short videos, so they first
launched the 11 billion yen YouTube Fund. I looked into it, and I'm the only one who thinks that if you take this 11 billion yen YouTube Fund, you'll get a lot of money. It seems like there are
various roles to consider when it comes to specific amounts, so I'll give an
example.
Apparently, there was an overseas YouTuber whose
short video alone got 130 million views, or maybe 30 million views.
How much did that person earn? Apparently,
with 30 million views, they earned a Louis Vuitton bag. It seems like a small amount, doesn't it? If it gets
130 million views, it's not
surprising that they earned millions or tens of millions of yen. That's what happens with long videos.
Short videos are definitely different.
They get 10 times, 20 times, and sometimes even 100
times more views. That's because they're
short and easy to edit, so they're not
forced to be edited. So they get 100
times more views, even if you're not chosen or famous.
The reason you get such a huge advantage is because you get so many views, so it ends up being about 1/100th of what it would be. Hmm, well, if you're comparing it to other things, 130 million views is enough for a Louis Vuitton bag, and 300,600,000 views is enough for 4 bowls of beef rice. No, 3.6 million views is quite a lot for a regular video, but even so, for a short video, it's enough for 4 bowls of beef rice, so you can make a living. The role of saying that is quite precarious, isn't it? Oh, I'm already making a living as a video creator. What kind of food do I eat? Just like Yagyu, it's high speed, it's monthly, I'm not the main character. Even with beef rice in the state, it's still risky, but on a good day, it's all about dicks. Cutting surreal and unnatural, 4 bowls of beef rice is a worker. It's like a tough, alluring woman is stingy. Car, you know, 4 bowls of beef rice is enough to keep you from getting tired. If that's the case, make it into a video, it'll get views, so  There are
130 million views, so you should keep them. The
situation is that tough. So, when it comes to
getting PR deals or
directing people to e-commerce sites, it's
assumed that you have a lot of fans. And then there's
the tipping at live shows, which
prioritizes having a lot of core fans. Right? Even if there are
only 100 people at a live show, if each of them
pays 100,000 yen, that's amazing. That's 10
million yen, 1 million yen from 10,000 yen. You can
live off that, right?
Even 100 people are core users who say, "I'll pay you 100,000 yen every month for this, On-chan," so that's
totally doable, but basically, you do
n't have that many core users or a huge number of users, so when you
start short videos, you have to
rely on subsidies, but the distribution of those subsidies seems
pretty tough. So, when it comes to
getting advertising revenue, it seems that it does
n't appear in ads when viewed on a smartphone app. In other words, even with short videos, it
appears in ads when viewed on a computer or from a website.
appears in ads when viewed on a computer or from a website.They say it's coming, but the reason there are so few is because almost everyone is making their claims on their smartphones, so the country's income is 9, and that's the base force, no matter what, it's tough with short videos, and ah, the egg shape, merchandise sales are tough unless you have a lot of fans, and live tipping is tough once you have a core fanbase of a certain size, that's what it comes down to, you can't make a living just from short videos, wow, Aonakada, that's not what we were talking about, isn't it? When I saw your short video days, I thought I'd become a short video greatr and make a living, but then you suddenly thought you could make a living with short videos, stop, stop, squat down once, then stand up again, then go and squat down again, you can do squats so you'll be saved and finished, let's do it that way, let's try it, the important thing is what comes next, this is short, everyone, you know, you can be recommended, I said, that's the answer, you can get your clogs removed, even if you're not chosen by anyone at all  There's a
possibility it could get 10 or 100 times more views. It's
short, so it's cheap, and it's recommended, so
people will watch it. In other words, the barrier to entry is low. Already, the company's long-form emotional content has a lot of amazing creators and players with incredible skills. In that
environment, even if it's your main use, if you
shoot a video using TikTok's user interface and upload it, you
have a chance to get recommended. Whether you're a student or a
working adult, you can suddenly have a buzz.
But what if you don't get paid for it?
What do you use it for? That's right, short videos. The
strategy is this: use it as an ad. There's no other option.
Short videos are currently the
most viewed ad medium.
Right? You watch TV ads, right? They don't have much content, do they? You
record them and then skip them.
TV ads are long, but if you
put them on YouTube, you don't think they're long. When I used to
watch it on my arm, I thought, "Wow, there are
two or three ads lined up!" and I thought
times had changed. Like the swimming club ad, where they
say "five seconds left, four seconds left."
After it became commonplace to tap to send something, there were so many beer commercials and Urita commercials in
a row, and you'd think, "They look so good in these commercials," right? It's annoying, right? That's the kind of
era we've entered. That's why I
basically
don't watch commercials. But what about
short videos? If all short videos were basically commercials, then
this is it. That's exactly how
creators are succeeding. In other words, they
gain recognition with short videos and then
direct viewers to their own channels to
earn revenue. Imamaru is the first YouTuber to use short videos. He's doing short
videos, but he's also uploading long videos. Like
Atom Law Office, yay, he
teaches you about law. Watch and watch, and he's doing a law office. He's
doing short videos,
but he's also directing viewers to his longer channel. He's
studying, and it's nice. T.
Akemi is a couple, a
boy and a girl, talking,
but there are lots of short videos playing.  I
went, but before I knew it, she had plastic surgery and seemed to have a
good personality, and Micchan was cute, so I wanted to hear
more of the
Blue Justice Army and Micchan talking, I wanted to know what kind of person she was, so I became a fan, so I went to watch the acceptance video, and for about 5 minutes Micchan and the regular army
stopped talking, and I was watching as usual, and
this is important, you can take them
from that short video to a long channel,
earn advertising revenue on the long channel, and from there get them to go to
merchandise sales and uc site, and get them to give
direct donations, so it's
easier if you can do that, in other words, the
short video is the entry point to everything, and it is an
indispensable place for most players to advertise, and this short video is the place for commercials, and currently there are three main platoons, that's the worldview, so it's not a worldview where you ask whether you prefer short or long, do short, and
then get them to come to the long, and
this long
could be a channel of recorded long videos, but it's not just for middle-aged people, there are long live streams, right?
So, it's that person, so-and-so came,
thank you. The art world is the kind of
person who watches for two hours, right? They must like that person. So, the reason they
watch a long stream is because they got a reason to
like it from a
short one. So, if you suddenly try to do a long stream or
upload a long video, you're already a champion, right? Unless you're extremely beautiful or handsome, or you're shooting some really intense video, or you're a weirdo when it comes to talking, or otherwise people
won't watch long recordings or long streams. In that context, if you can
create an opportunity with a short message, get people to know you, and then invite them to either a long live
stream or a recording, or even a free one, then short
videos can really make money.
Short videos don't make money for the organization,
but if you don't scrutinize those short videos, you wo
n't get big cycles in this era.
That's the conclusion.
This is an amazing era.
Today's blog post is about a one-hour live stream every morning, and
two classes.  For more
details about the friends who support each other's dreams, please see the
link in the description box. I'm waiting for you. Stop at the beginning of the two-part series of the
Sky University Venus.
Background playback is also possible.
Perfect for input while on the go or working. Please check the
link in the description box.
Me, fighting on YouTube, why I
left the agency and why I moved overseas,
behind the struggles and challenges there were always my Progress
friends.
Nakata Atsuhiko's autobiographical novel Chaos is now
available on Kindle.